He's about to kill me
He was right in front of me
Collaborate with all the outsiders.
Just don't cooperate with the Jiang family
So unfilial
He actually kept saying that I was biased
I've asked your sister to investigate
She was kicked out of her house five years ago
And donating bone marrow
The truth comes out
See what else he has to say
Wow! You really don't believe me!
Do you suspect me of targeting Brother Hua Chan?
sir
We are loyal to you, aren't we?
That is also true for Jiang Zi and turmeric.
You can't be provoked by that white-eyed wolf
Just doubt our mother
I just want to find out the truth
So that I can find that inverse to theory
What are you two doing here crying?
Are you afraid that I will find out the truth?
Uh, no.
No best
Mom, what should we do?
5 years ago, I was the one who framed Huacan for stealing something
I didn't donate the bone marrow either
What if Dad finds out the truth?
What if they kick us out?
What about so long ago?
Shouldn't find anything
Dad?
The video of the theft 5 years ago has been restored